Update the docs for Integrations and Production Branch (#1981)
vercel/docs: pages/guides/client-side-error-reports-with-uriports-vercel.mdx

With a <ProductName /> project created and URIports setup for your project, you can now deploy your changes and start receiving reports.

> For projects that were deployed from a Git repository, all you need is to push to the [Production Branch](/docs/v2/git-integrations#production-branch) (commonly `main`) and you will get a fresh production deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For projects that were deployed from a Git repository, all you need is to push to the [Production Branch](/docs/v2/git-integrations#production-branch) (commonly `main`) and you will get a fresh Production Deployment.
```

> For projects that were deployed from a Git repository, all you need is to push to the [Production Branch](/docs/v2/git-integrations#production-branch) (usually `master`) and you will get a fresh production deployment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For projects that were deployed from a Git repository, all you need is to push to the [Production Branch](/docs/v2/git-integrations#production-branch) (commonly `main`) and you will get a fresh production deployment.
```
